Multi Shadow Clone Jutsu!
Damn it!
Hey, don't be so impatient.
Your training is going well. Now it's only a matter of time.
If it's just a matter of time,
then you should let me train nonstop.
I know you're tough, but...
I-I'm ready to go...anytime.
I'm okay!
C-Captain Yamato... You're scaring me.
Under the Starry Sky
You carry him for a while.
Hey, hey, hey.
You're the one always talking about money.
You carry him all the way.
He's your precious bounty, right?
What's with that look?
I'm definitely going to kill you someday.
I told you, don't give me that...Kakuzu.
Oh, he's doing fine. I guess he didn't need my food pills.
I think he does.
Hey! How long have you been there?
Quite a while before you came.
No way! I had no idea...
I didn't even sense your presence.
I'm sorry.
More importantly, that training is a lot tougher than it looks.
Naruto isn't all that skillful from my viewpoint.
He must sustain complete focus
while using Shadow Clones nearly to his limit.
The degree of fatigue must be extraordinary
compared to that of normal training.
Yes... That's right...
That's...
BASICS OF CHANGE IN CHAKRA NATURE what it said in this book...
You didn't have to hide anything.
I thought you'd be appalled to learn...
I'm still relying on the knowledge of books.
I knew it...
I'm sorry. That's not what I meant.
It's perfectly fine.
After all, you read up on it
because you're worried about your friends, right?
Books come in handy at times like that.
You actually do have a nice side to you.
What? I'm nice...?
Okay, let's go so we won't interfere with his training.
I guess they shaped up into a good team while I was away.
Well, that's good.
Naruto!
Break the Shadow Clone Jutsu for a bit
and mull over the results of your current training.
Accumulate your experience.
Right!
So? Can you feel it?
I've still got a ways to go.
I'm going to continue the training...
You're overdoing it, I tell you.
What's that?
Sakura brought it for you.
These are food pills... and there's a note inside.
Eat one of my special food pills and keep up the training. - Sakura
Sakura...
Sakura's home-made food pills.
Let's eat!
Sakura, these are totally inedible.
Okay, time to continue training! Multi Shadow Clone Jutsu!
I bet Naruto has been able to continue training
because of my food pills.
W-Wow!
Naruto! Why don't you take a little break?
I can't catch up to Sasuke if I throw in the towel now!
MEDICINAL HERBS Well, if it isn't Sakura.
Oh, Iruka Sensei.
Wow, Naruto sure is something else.
He did a great job during the village's dilemma.
I did, too!
Just kidding.
Sorry, sorry.
You've become Lady Tsunade's apprentice, after all.
I'm so proud to have had such excellent students.
My drop-out students are particularly lovable.
Even now, Naruto's continuing with training that only he can do, right?
That's really something.
I was excellent right from the start.
Sorry I wasn't a lovable student.
Oh, come on. You sure are giving me grief today.
But he sure got stronger.
Yeah. He's changed. Everyone's changing.
My students are growing up strong and steadfast.
What's that?
I see...
They even got Chiriku, huh...?
I was out on patrol...
and by the time I returned, it was too late.
It was most likely the guys from the Akatsuki.
They're probably going one by one to locations in the Land of Fire
where there might be a Jinchuriki.
Finally they've come.
We won't let them out of the Land of Fire.
Contact the twenty newly formed platoons immediately!
That's all I have to say.
Does anyone have any questions?
What is it?
Chiriku, a former member of the Guardian Shinobi Twelve,
should be there.
What happened to him?
Lord Chiriku died by their hands.
Chiriku was killed? It can't be...
For the pride of the Hidden Leaf, and most of all,
for the safety of the Land of Fire,
we must not let them rampage any further.
I want to know what they're after, but they're very dangerous.
Don't let them out of the Land of Fire, no matter what.
Find them without fail and if you're unable to restrain them,
kill them!
Go!
Dismissed!
I will do my best, and I won't bring shame to the former Team Asuma.
We'll do our best, Shikamaru, Asuma Sensei!
Now then... Okay, we'll start with the Temple of Fire.
Someone has to do it.
Let's go.
Asuma Sensei...
What is it?
It seems you were acquainted with Chiriku from the Temple of Fire.
Yeah... Didn't I tell you?
We used to be brothers-in-arms.
It was around the time when I left the Hidden Leaf
and was known as one of the Guardian Shinobi Twelve.
The Temple of Fire is close. Let's hurry!
The moon sure is beautiful.
You're awesome, Sakura!
Just what I'd expect from the girl I knew you'd be!
Everyone's changing.
That's right. Everyone's changed.
Naruto is continuing with his training that nobody else can do...
all to pursue Sasuke.
Oh, Naruto...
I can only do little things for him.
It's not the size of the things you can do that matters.
What's important is the strength of your feelings for Naruto.
A shooting star, huh?
Sasuke...
Multi Shadow Clone Jutsu.
Damn it!
Sasuke...
As long as I don't give in
and keep going without stopping to rest...
I'll arrive at the point where...
Here we go!
All right!
This training is something else, isn't it?
Naruto is progressing so quickly.
No... It's not just because of this training approach.
Sasuke has something to do with it, too.
- We cut the waterfall! - We really cut it!
Well done.
Now we can start development of your new original Jutsu.
Right... I got it...
You okay, Naruto?!
I guess he overdid it a little.
Wh-What is it?
I'm...hungry...
You really are...something else.
Shizune, have we figured out what they're up to?
Using the twenty platoons,
we are currently laying out a search net
with a radius of 150 kilometers around the border and the Temple of Fire.
And...it seems they have not yet encountered the Akatsuki.
Why not?
We laid down a search net not even an ant could crawl through!
-Why haven't they been found yet?! -Well...
What about the report from Team Asuma
that was heading for the Temple of Fire?
Next time: "The Old Monk's Prayer"